when you look at every little detail in
the dark crystal those things are the
apex of somebody's art there's a few
people that know how we did it the first
time and we're so old we don't remember
everything is and sculpted and painted
just an amazing amount of craftsmanship
that you see across the whole image the
first thing you're trying to do is live
up to what the film produced the next
stage is then to push it a lot further I
think give handsome but it did delight
it have a true it's an art form in
itself and that's what you're watching I
feel like the week is really the right
person to be standing in my father's
shoes
[Music]
your destiny calls to you
you